Remove debug title during solving (#197)
FriendlyCaptcha/friendly-challenge: docs/changelog.md

# Changelog

### 0.9.12

> - Don't use title attribute for debug information during solving

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- No longer uses the title attribute for debug information during solving. Some screen readers would read this title as it updates.
```
